What types of car loans do you offer? , closed
Are there any types of vehicles Bank of America does not finance? , closed
Who is eligible to apply for an auto loan? , closed
Do you offer car loans in all 50 states? , closed
Are there any specific terms and conditions I should be aware of before applying for an auto loan? , closed
If I decide to pay my auto loan off early, is there a prepayment penalty? , closed
What qualifies a vehicle for a new vs. used auto loan rate? , closed
How do I apply for an auto loan? , closed
Does Bank of America charge a fee to apply for an auto loan? , closed
What type of information do you collect when I apply for an auto loan? , closed
What should I do if I've frozen my credit? , closed
How do I access a saved loan application? , closed
How soon will I know if my auto loan application has been approved? , closed
If I'm approved, how long is my loan offer good for? , closed
How do I check the status of my auto loan application? , closed
Can I get approved for an auto loan before I pick out my car? , closed
What is the auto loan benefit for Preferred Rewards members? , closed
If I get an auto loan from Bank of America, can I use it to buy a car from anyone? , closed
What is the online car shopping process? , closed
If I can get special rate financing at the dealership, why would I finance my car with Bank of America? , closed
What are the benefits of refinancing? , closed
Can I refinance my existing auto loan through Bank of America? , closed
Can I refinance my auto loan if the payoff balance on my current loan is more than my vehicle's current value? , closed
What is a lease buyout? , closed
What are the benefits of buying out your lease? , closed
When can you buy out your lease? , closed
Purchasing from a franchise dealer , closed
Purchasing from an approved independent dealer , closed
Purchasing through a private party , closed
Purchasing through the online car shopping process , closed
Refinancing an existing car loan , closed
Buying out your lease , closed
I closed on my loan with Bank of America; what happens next? , closed
How do I sign up for Bank of America's Online Banking? , closed
When will I receive the first monthly statement for my auto loan? , closed
Can I see current and past auto loan statements online? , closed
What options do I have for making payments to my auto loan? , closed
How can I sign up for automatic payments to my auto loan? , closed
How can I get a letter showing the interest I paid last year? , closed
How is simple interest calculated? , closed
How do I email Bank of America with a question about my auto loan? , closed
Where can I get the payoff amount for my auto loan in Online Banking? , closed
How can I pay off my loan? , closed
Once I pay off my loan in full, how long will it take for me to receive proof that the loan is closed and get my title? , closed
Is my loan assumable by another party? , closed
